Testing platform new output parameters (#42328)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/testing/unit-testing-platform-extensions-output.md

---
title: Microsoft.Testing.Platform output extensions
description: Learn about the various Microsoft.Testing.Platform output extensions and how to use them.
author: nohwnd
ms.author: jajares
ms.date: 08/26/2024
---

# Output extensions

This article list and explains all `Microsoft Testing Platform` extensions related to the terminal output.

## Terminal test reporter

Terminal test reporter is the default implementation of status and progress reporting to the terminal (console).

> It comes built-in with Testing.Platform, and offers ANSI and non-ANSI mode, and progress indicator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It comes built-in with Microsoft.Testing.Platform, and offers ANSI and non-ANSI mode, and progress indicator.
```

Reviewer: Actually I think there are too many "and", what about:

```suggestion
It comes built-in with `Microsoft.Testing.Platform`, offering both ANSI and non-ANSI modes along with a progress indicator.
```

### Output modes

![Output with 1 failed test and a summary](./media/test-output-and-summary.png)

> There are two output modes available:

Reviewer: I think it'd be good to have a sample of code and see the screenshot for each mode.

Author: added

> - Normal, the output contains the banner, reports full failures of tests, warning messages and writes summary of the run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Normal`, the output contains the banner, reports full failures of tests, warning messages and writes summary of the run.
```

> - Detailed, the same as `Normal` but it also reports `Passed` tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Detailed`, the same as `Normal` but it also reports `Passed` tests.
```

---
title: Microsoft.Testing.Platform policy extensions
description: Learn about the various Microsoft.Testing.Platform policy extensions and how to use them.
author: evangelink
ms.author: amauryleve

> ms.date: 04/10/2024

Author: fixing

Author: ```suggestion
title: Microsoft.Testing.Platform output extensions
description: Learn about the various Microsoft.Testing.Platform output extensions and how to use them.
author: nohwnd
ms.author: jajares
ms.date: 08/26/2024
```

---
title: Microsoft.Testing.Platform output extensions
description: Learn about the various Microsoft.Testing.Platform output extensions and how to use them.
author: nohwnd
ms.author: jajares
ms.date: 08/26/2024
---

# Output extensions

> This article list and explains all `Microsoft Testing Platform` extensions related to the terminal output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This article list and explains all **Microsoft Testing Platform** extensions related to the terminal output.
```

## Terminal test reporter

Terminal test reporter is the default implementation of status and progress reporting to the terminal (console).

> It comes built-in with Microsoft.Testing.Platform, and offers ANSI and non-ANSI mode, and progress indicator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It comes built-in with `Microsoft.Testing.Platform`, and offers ANSI and non-ANSI mode, and progress indicator.
```

Reviewer 3: This one contradicts the style in the other one. I suggest using **Microsoft.Testing.Platform**.

Author: ```suggestion
It comes built-in with **Microsoft.Testing.Platform**, and offers ANSI and non-ANSI mode, and progress indicator.
```

Author: Used bold, as suggested.
